---
layout: page
title: License Terms - Time Cockpit
ref: /de/impressum/lizenzbestimmungen/
permalink: /legal-notice/license-terms/
---

<h1>Terms of Use for the Software "time cockpit"</h1><p>These license terms are an agreement between software architects and you. Please read them. They apply to the software "time cockpit" ("the software") as well as to any</p><ul>
  <li>updates,</li>
  <li>supplements, </li>
  <li>Internet-based services, and </li>
  <li>support services </li>
</ul><p>that software architects offers, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.</p><p>Please note that the software is offered only to organizations and must not be used by consumers!</p><p>By using the software, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not use the software. If you comply with these terms of use, you have the rights below concerning the use of the software.</p><h2>Installation and Use Rights</h2><p>The software license must be assigned to a user that either tests the service "time cockpit" or who has an active subscription of the service "time cockpit". This user is the "licensed user". After the end of the trial period, cancelling the subscription or deactivating the user, the user has not longer the right to use the software.</p><p>Licensed users have the right to install and use the software on up to three physical or virtual devices.</p><p>The components of the software are licensed as a single unit. You may not separate the components and install them on different devices.</p><p>Some or all of the software may be licensed on a trial basis. Your rights to use trial software are limited to the trial period. The trial software and length of the trial period are displayed during the signup process for the test. After the end of the trial period you cannot execute most of the features of the software any more if you do not convert the test subscription into a subscription that is subject of charge. In this case you cannot access the data created during the trial period any more.</p><h2>Internet-based Services</h2><p>software architects provides Internet-based services with the software. Except as otherwise noted in materials accompanying a service, it may change or cancel them at any time.</p><p>The software connects to software architects or service provider computer systems over the Internet. In some cases, you will not receive a separate notice when they connect. Further information about the data stored at software architects or service providers as well as information about security measurements can be found in the software's online help (http://www.timecockpit.com/help). If you have specific questions you can contact office@timecockpit.com. By using the software you agree to the transmission of the data.</p><p>You may not use these services in any way that could harm them or impair anyone else’s use of them. You may not use the services to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by any means.</p><h2>Scope of License</h2><p>The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. software architects reserve all other rights. You may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. You may not:</p><ul>
  <li>work around any technical limitations in the software;</li>
  <li>reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation; </li>
  <li>make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation; </li>
  <li>publish the software for others to copy; </li>
  <li>use the software in any way that is against the law; </li>
  <li>rent, lease or lend the software; or </li>
  <li>use the software for commercial software hosting services. </li>
</ul><h2>Applicable Law</h2><p>This agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Austrian law. Exclusive jurisdiction and legal venue for all disputes arising from this contract shall be Linz (Austria).</p><p>If any parts or individual formulations of this text should fail to conform to the valid legal situation, or be no longer or not fully in conformity therewith, this shall not affect the content or validity of the remaining parts of the document.</p><h2>Limitation on and Exclusion of Damages</h2><p>software architects and its suppliers will not be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for personal injury, loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business or confidential information, loss of privacy, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the software or the provision of or failure to provide technical support, even if software architects or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. software architects does not guarantee that her website or servers are free from viruses or other harmful mechanisms.</p><h2>Limited Warranty</h2><p>If you follow the instructions in the online help (http://www.timecockpit.com/help) and the product description on the portal timecockpit.com, the software will perform substantially as described in the materials mentioned before. This warranty does not cover problems caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events beyond software architects’ reasonable control.</p><p>The limited warranty is the only direct warranty from software architects. software architects gives no other express warranties, guarantees or conditions. Where allowed by laws, software architects excludes implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.</p>